[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament
that promises the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion.
While the final match of
the first round rages on,
the losers face a grim fate.
But you're him, aren't you?
Tell me, please.
Sir, you must be!
[TANK] To think you've been
alive all this time, King Riku.
[DOLDO] We're far enough from
prying eyes, I suppose.
I might as well
shed my disguise.
[LUFFY] "A Horrible Past!
The Secret of Dressrosa!"
[gasps] Wait! Mister Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
Oh hey, it's that guy!
I mean, what?
Who's Luffy? I'm Lucy!
Whatever! That doesn't matter!
C'mon. Tell him!
You can't lose your nerve now!
[LUFFY groans] If you don't have
anything to say, I'm leaving.
I wanna go cheer for Rebecca.
Huh? [gasps] Hold on a sec!
I'm here because
Mister Zoro asked for a favor.
Huh? Zoro?
Uh-huh! He said I needed
to bring you to see him.
Okay! Well. Where is he?
[BARTOLOMEO]
He's outside the coliseum.
I'll show you the way.
If you'll just
follow me, please.
Yeah, sure! Thanks,
Rooster Head!
[BARTOLOMEO]
He thanked me!
He trusts me!
He needs me!
Not only that...
[LUFFY]
"Thanks, Rooster Head."
[BARTOLOMEO]
He gave me a nickname!
This is getting serious!
[LUFFY]
"Thanks, Rooster Head."
[BARTOLOMEO] It's almost
like we're friends!
Hey, you okay?
[CROWD cheering]
The battle in Block D rages on!
There are plenty
of fighters left!
[gasping]
[COMPETITOR C screams]
[GYATS]
Rebecca's as tenacious as ever!
She doesn't know when to quit!
[growling]
[GYATS]
I must admit watching her
not-unbeautiful fighting style
makes me want to
not unsupport her!
[TOY SOLDIER] The truth is,
I'm Rebecca's father!
Wait... But you...
[MAN AA] Your grandpa tried
to burn us down, Rebecca!
And now he's burning in hell!
[MAN BB]
Time for you to join him!
[CROWD] Down with
Riku's bloodline! Forever!
She really is King
Riku's granddaughter.
If what you say was true...
Hold it, what were you
before you transformed?
I mean, if you're her father,
and her grandfather
is the king...
Everything began on that night.
Answer my question!
Are you a prince
or something, huh?
Well, when I think about it,
the signs came before that.
It truly began when
a woman named Monet
came to work at the palace.
[gasps]
Oh, her.
That's the bird lady. Isn't it?
In only a decade,
the whole kingdom
has been transformed.
Its people as well.
Hey! What happened here?
[MAN B] Some pirates were
starting a ruckus.
But the royal army ran 'em out,
so they didn't cause
much damage in the end.
Oh! There they are now!
[horse neighs]
I have a message from King Riku.
Really? A message for us?
[TANK] "I am deeply sorry
I was unable to defend
your house from
the pirate attack.
Thus I have sent the King Riku
Army to perform repairs for you.
[MAN B]
That's not really necessary!
[TANK]
Let's get to work, men.
[SOLDIERS]
Yes, sir!
Right! We might as
well help 'em out!
Yeah! King Riku
helps those in need.
Least we can do is
follow his lead, right?
C'mon, guys!
Let's knock this out!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
My gosh! We've gone two weeks
without an inch of rain.
Yeah. Still.
The flowers never
wilt. Even now.
Why's that?
It's thanks to the
fairies, of course!
[WOMAN B]
No matter how dry it gets,
they always protect the flowers!
[BOY A]
I want more! I'm hungry!
If you have strength enough
to shout, you won't starve.
[BOY A]
Huh?
No matter how poor
we might feel at times,
there's never war here, y'know.
And peace is the most important
thing of all, don't you think?
[TOY SOLDIER] In 800 years
of the Riku Dynasty,
never once was Dressrosa
embroiled in war.
Goodness. That is remarkable.
Yes. Almost a miracle.
Even if we were poor,
we had each other,
we helped each other.
And thus, we were
rich in spirit.
Or we were, until our peace
was destroyed... by him.
[TOY SOLDIER] Suddenly,
he descended upon the palace,
dancing in the darkness
like a nightmare.
Halt! Who's there?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Don't call for help.
Otherwise,
things might get ugly.
What the hell do you want?
[DOFLAMINGO] My name is
Don Quixote Doflamingo.
Perhaps that's enough,
maybe you've heard of me?
Your face says yes.
I have heard troubling
tales of a pirate
named Don Quixote
wreaking havoc nearby.
[DOFLAMINGO] Well, you were
right to be troubled,
though that's only
the half of it.
Did you know my ancestors,
the Don Quixote Family,
once ruled this kingdom?
Even if you've forgotten,
I have not.
Thus I've returned to
take my place as your king!
Ha. I know about
the havoc you wreaked
by stealing Heavenly Tributes
before they could reach
the Celestial Dragons.
And how you became a Warlord
by blackmailing the Government.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
What can I say?
Poor saps don't know
what to do with me!
You can't threaten someone
who's not afraid of
the Celestial Dragons,
after all!
Anyway, since you
know what I'm about,
let's cut to the chase.
As I said, I want
my kingdom back.
[DOLDO]
Hm?
[DOFLAMINGO]
And if you don't give it to me,
I'll paint the streets
red with blood.
[chuckles] But I know
you loathe violence.
So, since I'm such a stand-up
guy, I'll make you an offer.
A trade.
I'll sell you this kingdom for,
say, ten billion berries?
You'd sell me my own kingdom?
[DOFLAMINGO]
As a courtesy.
I could also take it by force,
if you don't want to
accept my offer.
To avoid bloodshed,
I would happily pay.
If I could, that is.
But... ten billion berries
is far more than I have.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Is it?
If you bleed it
from your citizens,
I imagine you can
scrounge it up.
[DOLDO]
What?
[DOFLAMINGO] You have until
sunrise, so I'd get moving.
You can't get outside help.
This is to test
your worth as a king.
And you can't tell your people
about me or our deal.
If you don't like your odds,
then fight me.
But I'll warn you, even if
you win, it won't be pretty.
Your people will be
bathed in carnage.
Choose well,
your majesty. [chuckles]
The man is a criminal!
A war would be
justified, my lord!
Enough! Fighting to kill
is not the answer!
We must never lose sight of
what it means to be human!
But sir, we could never
collect that much money!
Few of our citizens are wealthy
and no one has nearly that much!
Besides, the Don Quixote Family
abandoned Dressrosa!
We don't owe them
a single berry!
The only thing they deserve
is a sharp sword to the gut!
Our kingdom has not
engaged in war in 800 years.
That fact is proof
of our humanity.
You are not a beast!
We don't kill!
I will not allow it!
But, sir.
[DOLDO]
Stand down, Captain Tank!
I understand your frustration,
but above all else,
this kingdom must value
the lives of its citizens.
In your heart, I know
you feel the same way.
Please, Tank.
We truly believe in you.
We're the King Riku
Army, after all.
We bear the name of
our ruler with pride.
Sir, you can count
on our service.
[DOLDO] Thank you for
those kind words, Tank.
[TANK]
That's not necessary.
Rather, forgive me for
being so disrespectful.
Listen up! We have little time.
Split up and head to
different villages.
Collect the ten billion
from all over the kingdom.
If you can't, Dressrosa
will be ruled by pirates!
I fear this won't be pleasant.
We'll lose the trust
of our citizens
when we demand their money.
But bear it till morning.
When everything is settled,
I will do everything in my
power to make it up to them.
This is the only way.
We can't use trickery
to get out of this.
Every last berry counts!
The fate of our nation is
resting on your shoulders!
[SOLDIERS]
Yes, sir!
All right! Let's go!
[SOLDIERS]
Yeah!
It's the Army.
It's awfully late.
You think something's wrong?
And look! Is that Captain Tank?
[TANK]
Stop!
It's an emergency! Listen!
I need you to find
every last berry in town
and bring them here immediately.
[MAN CC]
Huh?
[OLD MAN C]
Whoa, whoa, what's going on?
[WOMAN A]
I don't understand.
Just bring the money! Right now!
Hurry up!
[WOMAN D] What do you think
the King is gonna say
when he hears of this?
We're here...
on orders from the king.
[WOMAN D] What do you think
the King is gonna say
when he hears of this?
[TANK] We're here...
on orders from the king.
Hurry! There's no time
left to explain!
Just do it!
Have faith in King Riku.
Don't ask questions
and bring the money!
Please! Listen to me!
This is too fishy.
[TANK]
It's hopeless!
Who would agree to such
at outlandish request?
The video transponder snail?
People of Dressrosa.
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
It's King Riku!
He'll settle this mess!
I know this is rather sudden,
and it must seem quite odd,
but please, hear my plea.
I need to borrow
all of your money,
and I need to do so immediately.
It is with great regret
that I cannot offer you
a reason for this request.
The king is begging?
King Riku!
Why? This doesn't make sense!
It came outta nowhere, too.
[NOBLE A] My lord, no!
Raise your head! Stop it!
You have to show some
dignity as our leader!
That's enough!
Stand up! This is mad!
Think of the history books!
Every descendant of yours
will be ashamed of
this crass indignity!
[NOBLE B]
King Riku!
[NOBLE C]
This won't accomplish a thing!
[NOBLE A]
You're humiliating yourself!
You'll turn us into
a laughingstock!
[NOBLES]
King Riku!
Do you think this is a joke?
I would sacrifice
anything for this!
I don't care! Curse my pride!
I'd chop off my arms and legs
if that's what it would take
to keep my kingdom safe!
[SOLDIERS gasp]
[DOLDO] Listen, Tank.
If things go wrong tonight,
I'll bear the burden
and kill Doflamingo.
Surely not. You can't.
I trust you. Do your best.
[TANK] He put his faith,
his life, in my hands.
I must collect that
money at any cost!
[TANK] I must be willing to
sacrifice everything.
Even the faith of the people,
if that's what it takes.
[DOLDO]
I beg of you!
Come on! What is
everyone waiting for?
Let's go get that money!
Yeah, guys!
The king's a good man.
If he needs our help that badly,
we don't need to question why!
Yeah! He must have a reason!
Don't worry about it now!
[MAN DD]
Everyone bring out your money!
[MAN EE]
All right!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
King Riku.
Your virtue may save us.
Take it.
Thank you!
[TANK]
I was a fool.
The people of this nation
share the same kindness
the Riku family has shown them
for eight centuries.
This is a wonderful kingdom.
Surely, it can be saved.
Thank you!
[MAN FF]
Long live King Riku!
[DOLDO]
Thank you, everyone.
[TANK] We need to hurry
back to the palace!
Hope this is enough!
Full speed, men!
[SOLDIERS]
Yes, sir!
[gasps] Captain Tank!
What's wrong?
Seems the King went to Sevio.
It's on the screen right now.
What's he doing?
King Riku! You didn't
have to come all this way!
We got it!
[DOLDO]
Run away!
[WOMAN B]
It's the king!
King Riku!
I don't know what's happening,
but we're all here to help out!
We trust you completely!
[DOLDO]
Get away!
Run away!
[gasps] King Riku! What's wrong?
Please, stop! There's
ammunition in that building!
[ALL gasp]
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
Sir, why?
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TANK]
No, this can't be.
Stop it! I'm begging you!
[SOLDIER BB]
King Riku, please wait!
[SOLDIER CC]
What are you doing?
Go! Stay away from me!
Or I'm going to hurt you!
[SOLDIERS groan]
[WOMAN I screams]
Soldiers, too?
[DOLDO] My body.
It's moving on its own!
[SOLDIER FF screams]
My Lord. I don't understand.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Oh, Riku! What a
naughty king you are!
The night's still
young, soldiers!
Don't just stand there gawking!
Why don't you join the dance?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Parasite String!
M-My arm! It's moving!
What the hell is
happening to me?
Now the soldiers are
cutting people down, too!
[MAN KK]
Have mercy!
[MAN NN]
No!
C-Captain, help me!
Somebody, stop me!
I've lost control of my body!
[TANK]
I know. It's the same with me.
Why? What's causing this? [sobs]
This must be what happened
to the king, too.
[MAN QQ] Why are you
doing this, King Riku?
[MAN U] He was such
a kind man before.
Is there something
we've done to anger you?
[DOLDO]
What could I possibly say?
Nothing can justify this.
We're done,
the kingdom is finished.
We fell right into
Doflamingo's trap!
[MAN SS]
The King's lost his mind!
Everyone run for your lives!
[MAN TT]
No more! Stop!
[TREBOL] Hey, hey!
Can we do it already, please?
Doffy!
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, now.
We can't rush things.
I need them
trembling with fear,
in the depths of despair.
And when this kingdom hates
King Riku with all its heart,
that's when the
heroes can appear.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[NARRATOR] Doflamingo
manipulates the Riku army.
Suddenly, a hero arrives
to save the day--
none other than
Doflamingo himself!
As the citizens' cheers
echo across the land,
a new era of suffering begins.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Nightmare!
The Tragic Night of Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!